Warning This video does not belong to any political party but only describes the case of an Egyptian citizen completely defeated
موسيقا
Excuse
Have you gone to the polls?
elections
Where are the election
Are there elections? Did you see the elections?
No one saw the election
You did not attend the elections
He went down and was elected from whether anyone knew one of the elected
What I know and see is that there are people who hang pictures of people on the street
From above the pictures the money is equivalent to 15 or 20 thousand pounds
And they took pictures of those who worked like this
They write the cannon code
The citizen is supposed to fall in love and elect them
He says this is who will be elected
Also we dropped the proposal boxes what boxes did the proposal
I also came down and elected President Morsi
I waited to do anything to the country and did nothing
President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi was elected and did not do anything
President Sisi is the best ruler of the country
We did not see who was good and protected the country well
Cigarettes priced too much
Cigarettes we see in advertisements only
We used to get angry when the price of meat now increases, so we do not even have to eat plants
The price of vegetables has become too much
My times come with pepper and convince me that it is
Transportation, which was 1 pound now 5 pounds
I came to 5 pounds until I take a bus and I'm not with me until I enter the bathroom
Did not try to ride private transport
Private transport is a taboo
the Internet is very bad
I can not open my Facebook page
Light is cut day and night and there is no water
My sweetheart can not find a mike or something to decorate me
I am an Egyptian citizen I have lost my love because there is nothing to wear except Abaya only
She migrated and married others
There is nothing good in the country
I am a citizen with a cup of tea and drugs and forget about life
And children
My children left school and went to work
You did not enter schools
Schools What I do not have the price of food how to enter schools
Whichever child does not come from this learns and goes to the university and spend a lot of money after this and take his testimony to the house and come down in one of the workshops
Place of the first one to go to one of the workshops without education
Do you want to send a letter to officials in the country?
Yes, I want to send a message to the officials in the country, I want to not prevent drugs
As an Egyptian citizen, I do not know how to live and you are in power without drugs
If drugs are banned in the country I will pretend
Even though it is forbidden to pretend, it is still pretending
Even if I kill, I will pretend
I can not live and you rule the country without drugs